matter: enable statically allocated heap (#9747)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Support for Wi-Fi Network Diagnostic Cluster (which counts the number of packets received and transmitted on the Wi-Fi interface).

* Updated:

>   * Default heap implementation to use Zephyr's `sys_heap` of size 10kB (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_MALLOC_SYS_HEAP`) to better control RAM usage of Matter applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Default heap implementation to use Zephyr's ``sys_heap`` size of 10 kB (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_MALLOC_SYS_HEAP`) to better control the RAM usage of Matter applications.
```

Author: Removed the size information as the main information I wanted to convey is that we switch to Zephyr's `sys_heap` implementation (from a different implementation). I don't want to make the impression that we just change the size.

>   * Enabled statically allocated heap of size 10kB, based on Zephyr `sys_heap` (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_MALLOC_SYS_HEAP`) to better control RAM usage of Matter applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Control of the RAM usage of Matter applications by enabling statically allocated heap size of 10 kB, based on Zephyr's `sys_heap` (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_MALLOC_SYS_HEAP`).
```
Something like this, to stay consistent with "Updated: 'something by doing something'"?

Author: Hmm. Control of the RAM usage is the purpose, not the modification, so it completely changes the meaning. It's like prepending all actual changes with "Updated: User satisfaction by adding the support for..." :D
In which section should we put information that we enable or disable some setting?
Maybe something like "Default heap implementation to use Zephyr's `sys_heap` of size 10kB..."? Note that "to use Zephyr's sys_heap size of..." also changes the meaning since it's not size that is being modified, the whole implementation is.

Reviewer 2: Anything that works with the structure we're using in the changelog. We simply cannot have the bullet starting with a verb if it is under a "Added"/"Updated"/"Fixed" already.

Author: Ok, done.
